added synthetix searcher + cleaner welcome section (#227)
flashbots/docs: docs/flashbots-auction/searchers/example-searchers/synthetix-searcher.md

---
title: synthetix searcher
---
This repo by [Bert Miller](https://twitter.com/bertcmiller) contains a searcher developed to take advantage of a 1 off MEV opportunity created by the Synthetix team deprecating their ETH collateral trial program. As a result of this there were many loans that would be liquidatable after the governance proposal was executed. Taking advantage of this required a bot that could backrun the governance proposal execution transaction from the mempool as well as monitoring and execution infrastructure - all of which is contained here.

> An accompanying blog post talking through the process of writing this bot and its strategy can be found [here](https://bertcmiller.com/2021/09/05/mev-synthetix.html). This is highly recommended to understand the thought process and design decisions behind this repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An accompanying blog post talking through the process of writing this bot and its strategy can be found [in Bert Miller's website](https://bertcmiller.com/2021/09/05/mev-synthetix.html). This is highly recommended to understand the thought process and design decisions behind this repo.
```

> Access the synthetix searcher repository [here](https://github.com/bertmiller/sMEV)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access the [synthetix searcher repository here](https://github.com/bertmiller/sMEV).
```
